# Social Scraping

This is a GitHub project for web scraping Instagram using Python and Selenium. It includes code for extracting followers from a user and sanitizing 
the output to prepare it for further processing. Additionally, there is code for following the list of Instagram users provided.

## Prerequisites

To run the code in this project, you need to have the following:

- Python installed on your system (version 3.0 or higher).
- Selenium library for Python.
- Webdriver for Firefox.
- Basic knowledge of web scraping and Python programming.

## Supported Python Versions

Python 3.7+

## Installing

If you have pip on your system, you can simply install or upgrade the Python bindings:

- pip install -U selenium


Alternatively, you can download the source distribution from PyPI (e.g., selenium-4.9.1.tar.gz), unarchive it, and run:

- python setup.py install

Note: You may want to consider using virtualenv to create isolated Python environments.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

- `git clone https://github.com/AndresNeron/Social_Scraping.git`


## Project Structure

At the moment, the project includes the following scripts:

- `extract_followers_insta.py`: This code extracts followers from a specified user and writes the output to a text file.
- `follow_followers_insta.py`: This code follows a list of Instagram users provided in a text file with the hope that they will return the follow.
- `sanitize_followers_insta.py`: This code sanitizes the output file generated by `extract_followers_insta.py`, removing duplicates and preparing it for further processing.
- `create_telegram_bots.py`: This automate browser chats with the 'BotFather' from Telegram and create more bots named with the names specified in a txt file.
- `README.md`: This file provides information about the project and instructions for running the code.

## Instructions

1. Install the required dependencies by running the following command:

- `pip install selenium`

For more information about Selenium, you can check the official selenium documentation [here](https://www.selenium.dev/selenium/docs/api/py/).

2. Download the Firefox webdriver and place it in a directory accessible by your system.

3. Update the `extract_followers_insta.py` and `follow_followers_insta.py` files with your Instagram username and password.

4. Run the `extract_followers_insta.py` file to extract followers from a user. Replace `username2` with the target username you want to extract followers from. The output will be saved in a text file named after the target username.

5. Run the `sanitize_followers_insta.py` file to sanitize the output file generated by `extract_followers_insta.py`. This will remove duplicate entries and prepare the file for further processing. Update the input and output file names as needed.

6. Run the `follow_followers_insta.py` file to follow the list of sanitized Instagram users provided in the input file. Update the input file name to match the sanitized file generated in the previous step.

Avoid exceeding the specified daily and hourly limits mentioned in `daily_insta_limits.md` to avoid being flagged as a bot.

## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome. If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.
I hope you enjoy this project.

## Disclaimer

This project is for educational purposes only. The developers of this project are not responsible for any misuse or illegal activities performed with the code.
